Update Documentation on Markdown in Presentation Components (#2399)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/components/presentation.md

<div id="overview" class="lead">

The components in this page are the core **presentational** components you may want to use. Panels and tabs can be used to **organise content sections**, while badges and boxes can **highlight small, specific pieces of information**.

> 

Reviewer: Is this new line supports to be below? :)

Author: Thank you for your review and bring my attention to these unnecessary change issue.
 I noticed that the majority of these changes are actually done by my IDE formatter automatically on save.
 I understand that these changes are redundant and will distract reviewers from the actual changes. Will disable them and manually correct existing changes manually in this PR.

Author: Distracting changes made by formatter fixed.
Thank you for the comment again.

</div>
<box type = "warning" header = "#### Use of markdown in content" >

As presentational components are HTML-based, you need to follow the HTML syntax when using markdown in the content of the components.

More specifically, you should use either:

> - add a line break with no indentation beforethe markdown content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add a line break with no indentation before the markdown content
```

- use the `<markdown>` or `<md>`

>   tag to wrap the markdown content

Reviewer: Unnecessary new line?

For more information, please refer to this [section]({{baseUrl}}/userGuide/usingHtmlJavaScriptCss.html#markdown-in-html).

</box>

{% from "userGuide/fullSyntaxReference.md" import syntax_topics as topics %}

{% macro show_topic(filename) %}
<include src="../syntax/{{ filename }}.md" />

<hr>
{% endmacro %}
{% for k,v in topics %}

> <!-- intended for extracting the following topics out of the list:

Reviewer: Do we need this comment?

The components in this page are the core **presentational** components you may want to use. Panels and tabs can be used to **organise content sections**, while badges and boxes can **highlight small, specific pieces of information**.
</div>
<box type = "warning" header = "#### Use of markdown in content" >

As presentational components are HTML-based, you need to follow the HTML syntax when using markdown in the content of the components.
More specifically, you should use either:
- add a line break with no indentation before the markdown content

> - use the `<markdown>` or `<md>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use the `<markdown>` (block level elements) or `<md>` (inline level elements)
```
